Lukem/index page node (#214)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: node-operators/sequencers/operational-tasks/upgrade-your-node/index.md

---
title: Upgrade Sequencers Node

> description: Follow these instructions to update your node to the latest version of the Tanssi client software you use to produce blocks on the Tanssi Appchain protocol.

Reviewer: appchain

icon: material-arrow-up-bold-hexagon-outline
template: index-page.html

> ---
> # Upgrade Sequencers Node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

# Upgrade Sequencers Node
```

Keeping your node updated is critical to maintaining compatibility with the latest Tanssi protocol changes and ensuring optimal performance. Outdated nodes can lead to desynchronization, reduced efficiency, or even an inability to participate in block production. By staying current with client releases, you can ensure your node operates securely and reliably within the network.

!!! tip "Subscribe to Release Notifications" 
    Staying informed about new client releases is essential for maintaining an up-to-date node. Tanssi block producers can subscribe to GitHub notifications to be alerted for new client release versions.  

>     - **How to subscribe** - visit the [Tanssi GitHub](https://github.com/moondance-labs/tanssi){:target="_blank"} repository and click **Watch**. Select **Custom notifications** and ensure the box for **Releases** is checked

Reviewer: Maybe this would look better as a sentence instead of in a list format

---
title: Upgrade Sequencers Node

> description: Follow these instructions to update your node to the latest version of the Tanssi client software you use to produce blocks on the Tanssi networks protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Follow these steps to update your node to the latest version of the Tanssi client software, ensuring seamless block production on the Tanssi network protocol.
```
